.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, before:

**PR Summary:** 

_Please include a short description (using non-technical terms, 1-2 sentences) about the changes you are introducing, what problem is being fixed and/or describe the benefit to merchants. This content will be used in our release notes for Dawn on [themes.shopify.com](https://themes.shopify.com/themes/dawn/styles/default#ReleaseNotes)._


**Why are these changes introduced?**

Fixes #0.

**What approach did you take?**

**Other considerations**

**Decision log**

| # | Decision | Alternatives | Rationale | Downsides |
|---|---|---|---|---|
| 1 |   |   |   |   |

**Testing steps/scenarios**
- [ ] _List all the testing tasks that applies to your fix and help peers to review your work._

**Demo links**
_Please include a link to a demo store that includes preconfigured sections and settings to allow reviewers to easily test the features you are working on._

- [Store](url)
- [Editor](url)

**Checklist**
- [ ] Added PR summary for [release notes](https://themes.shopify.com/themes/dawn/styles/default#ReleaseNotes)
- [ ] Notified the [help.shopify.com](https://help.shopify.com) team about updates to theme settings (current contact: Kimli)
- [ ] Followed [theme code principles](https://github.com/Shopify/dawn/blob/main/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md#theme-code-principles)
- [ ] Linted with [Theme Check](https://github.com/Shopify/theme-check)
- [ ] Tested on [mobile](https://shopify.dev/themes/store/requirements#mobile-browser-requirements)
- [ ] Tested on [multiple browsers](https://shopify.dev/themes/store/requirements#desktop-browser-requirements)
- [ ] Tested for [accessibility](https://shopify.dev/themes/best-practices/accessibility)

Commit message:

Update PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md (#1892)
* Update PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

* Update PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

Adding hidden markdown

* Update .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

Co-authored-by: MM <martina.marien@shopify.com>

* Update .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

Co-authored-by: Lucas Lacerda <37168033+LucasLacerdaUX@users.noreply.github.com>

* Apply suggestions from code review

* Update .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

* Edit based on feedback

Co-authored-by: MM <martina.marien@shopify.com>
Co-authored-by: Lucas Lacerda <37168033+LucasLacerdaUX@users.noreply.github.com>

.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, after:

**PR Summary:** 

<!-- Please include a short description (using non-technical terms, 1-2 sentences) about the changes you are introducing, what problem is being fixed and/or describe the benefit to merchants. This content will be used in our release notes for Dawn on [themes.shopify.com](https://themes.shopify.com/themes/dawn/styles/default#ReleaseNotes). -->


**Why are these changes introduced?**

Fixes #0.

**What approach did you take?**

**Other considerations**

**Decision log**

| # | Decision | Alternatives | Rationale | Downsides |
|---|---|---|---|---|
| 1 |   |   |   |   |

**Testing steps/scenarios**
<!-- List all the testing tasks that applies to your fix to help peers review your work. -->
- [ ] Step 1

**Demo links**
<!-- Please include a link to a demo store that includes preconfigured sections and settings to allow reviewers to easily test the features you are working on. -->

- [Store](url)
- [Editor](url)

**Checklist**
- [ ] Added PR summary for [release notes](https://themes.shopify.com/themes/dawn/styles/default#ReleaseNotes)
- [ ] Requested review from UX (Only for changes that are affecting the experience or perceivable visual details)
- [ ] Created a ticket for the [help.shopify.com](https://help.shopify.com) documentation team about updates to theme settings. (Internal-only task)
- [ ] Followed [theme code principles](https://github.com/Shopify/dawn/blob/main/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md#theme-code-principles)
- [ ] Linted with [Theme Check](https://github.com/Shopify/theme-check)
- [ ] Tested on [mobile](https://shopify.dev/themes/store/requirements#mobile-browser-requirements)
- [ ] Tested on [multiple browsers](https://shopify.dev/themes/store/requirements#desktop-browser-requirements)
- [ ] Tested for [accessibility](https://shopify.dev/themes/best-practices/accessibility)
